[TT-17415] Update documentation for master (#2487)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: snippets/dashboard-config.mdx

Your Tyk Dashboard license key

> ### experimental_governance

Reviewer: I'm pretty sure this should not be in the published docs! @tbuchaillot

Reviewer 2: agree

Reviewer 3: Ok, let's remove it from getting published.

ENV: <b>TYK_DB_EXPERIMENTALGOVERNANCE</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

> Temporary feature flag for Governance. Remove when Governance is released.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
Let's just remove it from this PR.

### ui.notifications
Notifications configures the behavior of toast notifications displayed in the UI.

### ui.notifications.duration
Duration controls how long each class of toast notification is displayed.

### ui.notifications.duration.success
ENV: <b>TYK_DB_UI_NOTIFICATIONS_DURATION_SUCCESS</b><br />
Type: `int`<br />

Duration in milliseconds for success notifications.

### ui.notifications.duration.warning
ENV: <b>TYK_DB_UI_NOTIFICATIONS_DURATION_WARNING</b><br />
Type: `int`<br />

Duration in milliseconds for warning notifications.

### ui.notifications.duration.error
ENV: <b>TYK_DB_UI_NOTIFICATIONS_DURATION_ERROR</b><br />
Type: `int`<br />

> Duration in milliseconds for error notifications.

Reviewer 3: I don't see any line item in Release Notes for removing this configuration

Specifies the number of days before certificate expiry that the Dashboard will start generating warnings when the certificate is used. This should match the equivalent Gateway configuration `TYK_GW_SECURITY_CERTIFICATEEXPIRYMONITOR_WARNINGTHRESHOLDDAYS`.

> ### labs

Reviewer: Don't think this should be in the docs

You can now configure the log format to be either the standard or json format
If not set or left empty, it will default to `standard`.

### log_level
ENV: <b>TYK_DB_LOGLEVEL</b><br />
Type: `string`<br />

> LogLevel configures the log verbosity. Valid values are: debug, info, warn, error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the log verbosity. Valid values are: debug, info, warn, error.
```
